## User Guide

## Account Setup

The **OlivedPro** subscription service offers three plans:

- **$9.99 monthly license** with a 7-day free trial
- **$39.99 yearly license** with one-time payment
- **$69.99 lifetime license** with one-time payment

Licences can be purchased at https://pay.olived.app/ and will be sent to your email address immediately upon purchase.
All features will be unlocked when the licence is activated. Each licence can be activated for two computers at the same time. If you change to a new computer, you can also de-activate the licence on the order page (the licence will then be deactivated on the old computer) and re-activate it on the new computer.

If you have any questions, please contact olivedapp@outlook.com or ask in the community and we will help you as soon as possible.

## Preferred configuration

### Theme

Modify theme colours

### Language

Modify default language

### Proxy

```python
<SCHEME>://[<USER>:<PASS>@]<HOST>:<PORT>
```

Specify a proxy for downloading, e.g:

- socks5://127.0.0.1:1080
- http://192.168.1.1:8080
- http://user:password@proxy.example.com:8080

HTTP, HTTPS and SOCKS5 proxy servers are supported.

### Detection interval

The interval in seconds to detect if the host is broadcasting live

### File name templates

- Date: `{{ now | date \"2006-01-02 15-04-05\"}}`
- Host name: `{{ .StreamerName }}`
- Broadcast title: `{{ .RoomName }}`
- Live Streaming Platform: `{{ .SiteName }}`

The default file name can be changed as required

### Cookies

Global cookie configuration

```sh
aatv: cookie1
bbtv: cookie2
cctv: cookie3
```

The above example means that the cookie value cookie1 is used when recording aatv, the cookie value cookie2 is used when recording bbtv, and so on.

## Task settings

The default is to simply paste in the url and it will automatically resolve the other configuration items without having to fill them in manually. url format can be viewed on the platform page.

The following features are now supported:

- Automatic transcoding to MP4 format
- Automatic cutting when the file is of a certain size or the playback length meets certain conditions
- Some platforms require cookie configuration
- Customise the file name generated by the download
- Custom proxies
- Custom storage path
- Custom downloader
